io/digiteam/mvvm/di/qualifiers/ViewModelKey.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.qualifiers.ViewModelKey
io/digiteam/mvvm/database/dao/OfferDao.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.database.dao.OfferDao
io/digiteam/mvvm/database/converter/DateConverter.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.database.converter.DateConverter
io/digiteam/mvvm/di/module/AppModule.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.module.AppModule
android/arch/core/R.java
 android.arch.core.R
io/digiteam/mvvm/utils/Objects.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.utils.Objects
timber/log/R.java
 timber.log.R
android/support/mediacompat/R.java
 android.support.mediacompat.R
 android.support.mediacompat.R$attr
 android.support.mediacompat.R$bool
 android.support.mediacompat.R$color
 android.support.mediacompat.R$dimen
 android.support.mediacompat.R$drawable
 android.support.mediacompat.R$id
 android.support.mediacompat.R$integer
 android.support.mediacompat.R$layout
 android.support.mediacompat.R$string
 android.support.mediacompat.R$style
 android.support.mediacompat.R$styleable
android/databinding/layouts/DataBindingInfo.java
 android.databinding.layouts.DataBindingInfo
io/digiteam/mvvm/di/module/ViewModelModule.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.module.ViewModelModule
io/digiteam/mvvm/vo/Status.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.vo.Status
android/support/coreui/R.java
 android.support.coreui.R
 android.support.coreui.R$attr
 android.support.coreui.R$bool
 android.support.coreui.R$color
 android.support.coreui.R$dimen
 android.support.coreui.R$drawable
 android.support.coreui.R$id
 android.support.coreui.R$integer
 android.support.coreui.R$layout
 android.support.coreui.R$string
 android.support.coreui.R$style
 android.support.coreui.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/viewmodel/OffersViewModel.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.viewmodel.OffersViewModel
android/support/fragment/R.java
 android.support.fragment.R
 android.support.fragment.R$attr
 android.support.fragment.R$bool
 android.support.fragment.R$color
 android.support.fragment.R$dimen
 android.support.fragment.R$drawable
 android.support.fragment.R$id
 android.support.fragment.R$integer
 android.support.fragment.R$layout
 android.support.fragment.R$string
 android.support.fragment.R$style
 android.support.fragment.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/repository/util/LiveDataCallAdapterFactory.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.repository.util.LiveDataCallAdapterFactory
android/support/v4/R.java
 android.support.v4.R
 android.support.v4.R$attr
 android.support.v4.R$bool
 android.support.v4.R$color
 android.support.v4.R$dimen
 android.support.v4.R$drawable
 android.support.v4.R$id
 android.support.v4.R$integer
 android.support.v4.R$layout
 android.support.v4.R$string
 android.support.v4.R$style
 android.support.v4.R$styleable
android/support/coreutils/R.java
 android.support.coreutils.R
 android.support.coreutils.R$attr
 android.support.coreutils.R$bool
 android.support.coreutils.R$color
 android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
 android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
 android.support.coreutils.R$id
 android.support.coreutils.R$integer
 android.support.coreutils.R$layout
 android.support.coreutils.R$string
 android.support.coreutils.R$style
 android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.R
io/digiteam/mvvm/ui/activity/MainActivity.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.ui.activity.MainActivity
android/arch/lifecycle/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.R
io/digiteam/mvvm/vo/Resource.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.vo.Resource
android/support/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/repository/util/LiveDataCallAdapter.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.repository.util.LiveDataCallAdapter
 io.digiteam.mvvm.repository.util.LiveDataCallAdapter$1
 io.digiteam.mvvm.repository.util.LiveDataCallAdapter$1$1
android/arch/lifecycle/extensions/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$attr
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$bool
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$color
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$dimen
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$drawable
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$id
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$integer
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$layout
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$string
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$style
 android.arch.lifecycle.extensions.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/di/component/AppComponent.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.component.AppComponent
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.component.AppComponent$Builder
io/digiteam/mvvm/network/NetworkApiService.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.network.NetworkApiService
android/support/transition/R.java
 android.support.transition.R
 android.support.transition.R$attr
 android.support.transition.R$bool
 android.support.transition.R$color
 android.support.transition.R$dimen
 android.support.transition.R$drawable
 android.support.transition.R$id
 android.support.transition.R$integer
 android.support.transition.R$layout
 android.support.transition.R$string
 android.support.transition.R$style
 android.support.transition.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
android/support/v7/recyclerview/R.java
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$bool
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$color
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$integer
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$layout
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$string
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$style
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/BuildConfig.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.BuildConfig
io/digiteam/mvvm/R.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$anim
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$animator
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$attr
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$bool
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$color
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$dimen
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$drawable
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$id
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$integer
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$layout
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$menu
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$mipmap
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$string
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$style
 io.digiteam.mvvm.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/database/NexusOneDatabase.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.database.NexusOneDatabase
io/digiteam/mvvm/NexusOneApplication.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.NexusOneApplication
dagger/android/support/R.java
 dagger.android.support.R
 dagger.android.support.R$anim
 dagger.android.support.R$attr
 dagger.android.support.R$bool
 dagger.android.support.R$color
 dagger.android.support.R$dimen
 dagger.android.support.R$drawable
 dagger.android.support.R$id
 dagger.android.support.R$integer
 dagger.android.support.R$layout
 dagger.android.support.R$string
 dagger.android.support.R$style
 dagger.android.support.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/di/Injectable.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.Injectable
io/digiteam/mvvm/ui/fragments/OfferFragment.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.ui.fragments.OfferFragment
io/digiteam/mvvm/di/module/NetworkModule.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.module.NetworkModule
io/digiteam/mvvm/di/AppInjector.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.AppInjector
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.AppInjector$1
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.AppInjector$2
io/digiteam/mvvm/viewmodel/NexusOneViewModelFactory.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.viewmodel.NexusOneViewModelFactory
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
android/arch/persistence/db/R.java
 android.arch.persistence.db.R
com/android/databinding/library/R.java
 com.android.databinding.library.R
 com.android.databinding.library.R$attr
 com.android.databinding.library.R$bool
 com.android.databinding.library.R$color
 com.android.databinding.library.R$dimen
 com.android.databinding.library.R$drawable
 com.android.databinding.library.R$id
 com.android.databinding.library.R$integer
 com.android.databinding.library.R$layout
 com.android.databinding.library.R$string
 com.android.databinding.library.R$style
 com.android.databinding.library.R$styleable
android/support/compat/R.java
 android.support.compat.R
 android.support.compat.R$attr
 android.support.compat.R$bool
 android.support.compat.R$color
 android.support.compat.R$dimen
 android.support.compat.R$drawable
 android.support.compat.R$id
 android.support.compat.R$integer
 android.support.compat.R$layout
 android.support.compat.R$string
 android.support.compat.R$style
 android.support.compat.R$styleable
android/support/constraint/R.java
 android.support.constraint.R
 android.support.constraint.R$attr
 android.support.constraint.R$id
 android.support.constraint.R$styleable
android/support/design/R.java
 android.support.design.R
 android.support.design.R$anim
 android.support.design.R$animator
 android.support.design.R$attr
 android.support.design.R$bool
 android.support.design.R$color
 android.support.design.R$dimen
 android.support.design.R$drawable
 android.support.design.R$id
 android.support.design.R$integer
 android.support.design.R$layout
 android.support.design.R$string
 android.support.design.R$style
 android.support.design.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/di/module/FragmentBuildersModule.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.module.FragmentBuildersModule
io/digiteam/mvvm/network/ApiResponse.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.network.ApiResponse
android/arch/persistence/room/R.java
 android.arch.persistence.room.R
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$attr
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$bool
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$color
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$dimen
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$drawable
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$id
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$integer
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$layout
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$string
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$style
 android.arch.persistence.room.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/database/entity/Offer.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.database.entity.Offer
io/digiteam/mvvm/utils/Constants.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.utils.Constants
android/support/graphics/drawable/animated/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$bool
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$styleable
android/support/graphics/drawable/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$bool
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/di/module/MainActivityModule.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.di.module.MainActivityModule
dagger/android/R.java
 dagger.android.R
com/android/databinding/library/baseAdapters/R.java
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$attr
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$bool
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$color
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$dimen
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$drawable
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$integer
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$layout
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$string
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$style
 com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$styleable
io/digiteam/mvvm/repository/util/AppExecutors.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.repository.util.AppExecutors
 io.digiteam.mvvm.repository.util.AppExecutors$1
 io.digiteam.mvvm.repository.util.AppExecutors$MainThreadExecutor
io/digiteam/mvvm/repository/util/NetworkBoundResource.java
 io.digiteam.mvvm.repository.util.NetworkBoundResource
android/arch/persistence/db/framework/R.java
 android.arch.persistence.db.framework.R
